Exercise 1 – Mission Mars #AbstractType #Polymorphism #Inheritance
Yeahh! We are going Mars!
Not too fast, we should work on a prototype first. As a developer, you work on a prototype robot and if all goes well, the real robot
will soon fly to Mars and collect rock samples and photos.
Your task is to create a software that controls a robot with the help of a Controller. The controller can send some Action commands
to the robot to be executed; go left, go right, go forward, go back, take a photo, and pick a rock. You will test the robot on a maze,
as shown in Figure 1, which consists of 20x20 tiles. So when you send a "go action", the robot moves only 20 cm in the corresponding
direction. Each action has a cost in terms of battery life. Our robot has a battery life of 3000 seconds. Using go actions takes 10
seconds, taking a high resolution photo takes 60 seconds, low resolution photo 40 seconds, and picking up a rock takes 150 seconds,
consuming the robot’s battery life.

Figure 1: Test drive: Maze
The movements are defined as follows: Up = Back, Left = Left, Right = Right, Down = Forward.

Robot start position he can move forward, then left for 3 tiles, then forward for 1 to discover a rock, 1 more for decisions: proceed forward or go right.
1) forward:
you move 1 more tile forward to discover a field of "Take a photo of alien". 1 tile forward is where alien exists. Going righ 2 tile and forward 1 then left 1 and forward 1 reaches a finish.

2) the right decision:
you move 1 tile right and encounter more decisions: proceed right or go back (up).
2.1) You choose right: you can move 2 more tiles right and encounter a possibility to move 1 more tile right into a dead end or go forward 1 tile. Then moving forward 1 more tile leads into deadend, while moving right 1 tile and then forward 1 tile also leads into a dead end.
2.2) you go 1 tile back, then 3 Right, 1 back and you end up in a dead end.

Design a hierarchy with set of specified actions and make sure the hierarchy can be arbitrarily extended with other actions.
In the end, you should implement a "Controller" so that the user can create a sequence of actions (forward, forward, pick, left, photo,
left, ...) and then send them to the robot. The robot executes them in order. For this test drive, the number of actions is limited to
10 in a set. After each execution of an action, the robot should report what it did and how much battery time was used. Finally, when
all the actions in the set have been performed, it would be useful to see how many actions were performed and the total remaining
battery life of the robot.
Write a main method for your robot to find the exit of the maze in Figure 1 while completing side quest, such as picking up a rock
and taking a picture of an alien